---
layout: post
title:      "Why I Decided to Study Software Engineering"
date:       2019-12-23 02:12:50 +0000
permalink:  why_i_decided_to_study_software_engineering
---


Studying software engineering is not something I ever thought I would do. When I started college I struggled to choose a major, originally choosing pre-health becuase I thought I would enjoy dentistry. After several hours of shadowing, I decided it wasn't for me. Then I tried Geology which I really enjoyed, however; I soon learned about the demands of the job that would include long onsite visits which would take me away from my future family, which also didn't appeal to me. Finally, I decided I would study international business because my dad convinced me that when I graduated I could work for him in his Venezuelan based telecommunications business. The plan was for me to fly there for training, and then work from home here in Florida after I had sufficient knowledge of purchasing products from China and selling to Latin America. I was so excited! I finally graduated only to be disappointed when we realized I wouldn't be able to go to Venezuela for training due to the political turmoil in the country. It wasn't safe for me to travel there as an American citizen. I was so upset that the plans didn't work out, and immediately started job searching. I had apprehensions about every job I came across becasue I noticed words like "outgoing" and "strong leader" being used to describe traits they were looking for in an employee.  Being the introvert that I am, I worried that I had chosen the wrong major. After one year of job searching and dismay, I finally took the leap to change my situation. I decided to study something that I knew I woud be happy in, a career that would make me feel fulfilled. These feelings, along with the practicality of job security, is what ultimately led me to pursue a career as a software engineer. I am so happy that I made this decision and am full of hope once again! 
